You can also use return statements with generator delegation which can pretty much allow you to do some
really complex tasks with all this flexibility so to illustrate that you all do a function make no iterator
and all this is going to do is yield one yield two and then return 3 and that'll exodus out.
Then we'll do a function make repeating iterator and it's going to receive a counter and inside of here
I'm in a loop through them and I do as zero.
And then while I is less then counter if I can spell counter correctly Perfect's then we'll do incrementation
of.
And then inside of here we're just going to yield repeat like so and then we'll make one final generator
needs to add Starrs to all of these.
By the way it's on Stars.
And after that we'll make one last generator function so we'll use star make combined iterator like
so and inside of here all I'm going to do is make a variable.
Let result in MENADUE a yield and I'm going to do that same star syntax because I want to delegate perfect.
Then after that all I have to do is yield and then we'll do that star syntax again make repeating iterator
like so and then we'll pass in the result.
So that way we have a counter.
And then after that we're going to just yield true.
And then we can make our iterator so do you let iterator equal.
And then we'll invoke make combined iterator like so and then it's just all about the next sort cancelled
out log iterator dot next and let's see how many times we need to invoke this will do.
Let's see one two three four five six seven.
OK.
So we'll do this seven times so do one two three four five six seven like so.
Now if we say that I didn't count the first one again.
So in that case you can see first what happens inside of this combined iterator right here which is
the one that we assigned or returned.
I should say we call next.
And so what happens is remember whenever a yield is on the right hand side of an assignment that's where
the execution flow starts.
So we yield.
But in that case it means we delegate to our Make number iterator.
And so it's going to yield one and then we're going to call next.
Again it's going to yield two.
And after that we call it again so it returns 3.
And so that's what gets assigned to result and then we yield in delegate to the make repeating iterator
whenever we do that we pass in an argument because remember generator functions are still functions
so we can do that.
So we pass in this number right here to loop through.
We get to the first set in the loop and we hit repeat.
And then we stop and then next time we call Next we call you again repeat.
And then we call it one more time when we hit next.
And then after that we go to our original iterator right here and hit yield is true.
So as you can see return is a great way to take values store values and even in the execution of a particular
function.